Add common questions about custom proxy setup (#7029)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/custom-proxy.md

3. Save your record. This might take some time to take effect, depending on your TTL settings.
4. Run `curl` on your domain to check if the proxy is working correctly.

## Common issues

These are some common issues that occur for cusotmers implemtning a cusotm proxy. This not an exhaustive list, and these settings may change in CloudFront or CloudFlare over time.

#### CloudFlare returning a 403 error

> There are two ways of configuring the CDN distribution in Cloudflare and the 403 error is an indication that one of the below options is misconfigured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you encounter a 403 error, can mean that you've misconfigured your CloudFlare CDN distribution. Try one of the following options to fix the error: 
```

> 1. If you have a CloudFlare enterprise plan then create a Page Rule in Cloudflare so that Segment's CDN wouldn't refuse the requests via the Cloudflare Proxy.
> 
> If cdn.segment.com is another CNAME, which resolves to xxx.cloudfront.net, you will need to use a Page Rule in Cloudflare to override the host header to match the hostname for proxy requests.
> 
> More in Cloudflare’s docs on overriding the host header can be found [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/rules/page-rules/how-to/rewrite-host-headers/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you have a CloudFlare enterprise plan, create a Page Rule in CloudFlare so that Segment's CDN doesn't refuse the requests made through the CloudFlare Proxy. If cdn.segment.com is another CNAME that resolves to xxx.cloudfront.net, you will need to use a Page Rule in CloudFlare to override the host header to match the hostname for proxy requests. For more information about overriding the host header, see CloudFlare’s [Rewrite Host headers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/rules/page-rules/how-to/rewrite-host-headers/){:target="_blank”} docs. 
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 2. For customers who are not on the Cloudflare Enterprise plan, use the CloudFlare Workers. Workers usually can run on the main domain www.domain.com but if you want to http://segment.domain.com it needs to be in your DNS like [this](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/routes#subdomains-must-have-a-dns-record).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For customers who are not on the CloudFlare Enterprise plan, use CloudFlare Workers. Workers can usually run on the main domain (for example, `www.domain.com`), but if you want to use a subdomain like `http://segment.domain.com` you must set it up in your DNS. For more information, see CloudFlare's [Routes and domains](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/routes#subdomains-must-have-a-dns-record){:target="_blank”} documentation.
```

> When creating the worker you can use this example provided by [CloudFlare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/examples/bulk-origin-proxy) with the origins set to: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating the worker you can use the Bulk origin override example provided by CloudFlare in the [Bulk origin override](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/examples/bulk-origin-proxy){:target="_blank”} documentation with the origins set to: 
```

```ts
const ORIGINS = {
"yourcdndomain.com": "cdn.segment.com",
}
```

#### CloudFlare CORS issue

> In order to resolve a CORS OPTIONS pre-request fetch error, you’ll have to specify "Strict (SSL-Only Origin Pull)" as a Cloudflare Page rule for the api.segment.io proxy. Please see CloudFlare [documentation](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170416-End-to-end-HTTPS-with-Cloudflare-Part-3-SSL-options#h_065d742e-8c0b-4ed4-8fb5-037e10fe5f9a) on this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to resolve a CORS OPTIONS pre-request fetch error, you must specify "Strict (SSL-Only Origin Pull)" as a Cloudflare Page rule for the api.segment.io proxy. Please see CloudFlare's [Encryption modes](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170416-End-to-end-HTTPS-with-Cloudflare-Part-3-SSL-options#h_065d742e-8c0b-4ed4-8fb5-037e10fe5f9a){:target="_blank”} documentation for more details.
```

> #### CloudFront returning a 403 error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### CloudFront Proxy returning a 403 error
```

> If your CloudFront Proxy is returing a 403 error, the following change in CloudFront may solve the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your CloudFront Proxy is returing a 403 error, the following change in CloudFront might resolve the issue:
```

Reviewer: hi @niallzato - should we separate the before/after code snippets?

```ts
Before:
Cache Based on Selected Request Headers: All

After:
Cache Based on Selected Request Headers: None
```

Alternatively, this setting may solve your issue:

```ts
Before:
Origin request policy: AllViewer

After:
Origin request policy: None
```

### CloudFront CORS issue

> To resolve a CORS issue you may need to follow this [CloudFront](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/no-access-control-allow-origin-error/) guide which outlines adding a referrer header in the request sent to Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve a CORS issue, you might need to add a referrer header in the request you send to Segment. Follow AWS's [How do I resolve the "No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource" error from CloudFront?](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/no-access-control-allow-origin-error/){:target="_blank”} guide, which explains how to add a referrer header.
```
